.TH TAISHANG-LAOJUN 1 "January 2024" "TaishangLaojun Desktop 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
taishang-laojun \- Advanced communication and collaboration platform
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B taishang-laojun
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFILE\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
TaishangLaojun Desktop is a comprehensive communication and collaboration platform 
designed for modern teams and individuals. It provides secure messaging, file 
sharing, project management, and real-time collaboration tools in a unified interface.

The application features end-to-end encrypted messaging, real-time file sharing, 
integrated project management tools, cross-platform compatibility, and a modern 
GTK4-based user interface with system integration capabilities.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display help information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-verbose
Enable verbose logging output.
.TP
.BR \-\-debug
Enable debug mode with detailed logging.
.TP
.BR \-\-background
Start the application in background mode (minimized to system tray).
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-tray
Disable system tray integration.
.TP
.BR \-\-new\-chat
Open a new chat window on startup.
.TP
.BR \-\-new\-project
Open the new project dialog on startup.
.TP
.BR \-\-settings
Open the settings dialog on startup.
.TP
.BR \-\-config\-dir " " \fIDIRECTORY\fR
Use the specified directory for configuration files instead of the default.
.TP
.BR \-\-data\-dir " " \fIDIRECTORY\fR
Use the specified directory for application data instead of the default.
.TP
.BR \-\-theme " " \fITHEME\fR
Set the application theme. Available themes: light, dark, auto.
.TP
.BR \-\-log\-file " " \fIFILE\fR
Write log output to the specified file.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-audio
Disable audio functionality.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-notifications
Disable desktop notifications.
.TP
.BR \-\-fullscreen
Start the application in fullscreen mode.
.TP
.BR \-\-geometry " " \fIWIDTHxHEIGHT\fR
Set the initial window size.
.TP
.BR \-\-position " " \fIX,Y\fR
Set the initial window position.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/taishang-laojun/
User configuration directory containing application settings and preferences.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/taishang-laojun/
User data directory containing chat history, project files, and cached data.
.TP
.I ~/.cache/taishang-laojun/
User cache directory containing temporary files and thumbnails.
.TP
.I /usr/share/taishang-laojun/
System-wide application data directory.
.TP
.I /etc/taishang-laojun/
System-wide configuration directory.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B TAISHANG_CONFIG_DIR
Override the default configuration directory.
.TP
.B TAISHANG_DATA_DIR
Override the default data directory.
.TP
.B TAISHANG_CACHE_DIR
Override the default cache directory.
.TP
.B TAISHANG_LOG_LEVEL
Set the logging level (DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR).
.TP
.B TAISHANG_THEME
Set the default theme (light, dark, auto).
.TP
.B TAISHANG_NO_TRAY
Disable system tray integration when set to any value.
.TP
.B TAISHANG_AUDIO_BACKEND
Specify the audio backend to use (pulseaudio, alsa, auto).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Start the application normally:
.B taishang-laojun
.TP
Start in background mode:
.B taishang-laojun --background
.TP
Start with debug logging:
.B taishang-laojun --debug --log-file ~/taishang-debug.log
.TP
Start with custom configuration directory:
.B taishang-laojun --config-dir ~/.config/taishang-custom
.TP
Start with specific window size and position:
.B taishang-laojun --geometry 1200x800 --position 100,100
.TP
Open a project file:
.B taishang-laojun /path/to/project.tslj
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.TP
.B 1
General error or invalid command line arguments.
.TP
.B 2
Configuration error or missing dependencies.
.TP
.B 3
Network or connection error.
.TP
.B 4
File or permission error.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the TaishangLaojun issue tracker at:
.UR https://github.com/taishanglaojun/desktop-apps/issues
.UE

For general support and documentation, visit:
.UR https://docs.taishanglaojun.com
.UE
.SH AUTHOR
TaishangLaojun Desktop was developed by the TaishangLaojun Team.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 TaishangLaojun Team. License MIT.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gtk4 (7),
.BR dbus (1),
.BR pulseaudio (1),
.BR alsa (7)

Full documentation is available at:
.UR https://docs.taishanglaojun.com
.UE